README.md, before:

# grunt-karma-sonar 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/grunt-karma-sonar.svg)](https://github.com/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar) [![dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar) [![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar#info=devDependencies) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/grunt-karma-sonar.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/grunt-karma-sonar)

> Grunt plugin for integrating karma and protractor reports with sonar.

Currently the following frameworks are supported for both unit and integration testing: 
- jasmine / jasmine2 (the default)
- cucumber

To enable integration test result and coverage in Sonar, you need to install the following plugin [sonar-javascript-integrationtests](https://github.com/nvnoorloos/sonar-javascript-integrationtests)

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.5`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-karma-sonar --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-karma-sonar');
```

## The "karmaSonar" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `karmaSonar` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  karmaSonar: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.dynamicAnalysis
Type: `String`
Default: 'reuseReports'

Should be the sonar.property dynamicAnalysis

#### options.sourceEncoding
Type: `String`
Default: 'UTF-8'

Should be the sonar.property sourceEncoding

#### options.language
Type: `String`
Default: 'js'

Should be the sonar.property language (Starting with SonarQube 4.2, multi-language projects are supported. To enable this, set the value to null)

#### options.scmDisabled
Type: `String`
Default: 'true'

Should be the sonar.property scmDisabled

#### options.defaultOutputDir
Type: `String`
Default: '.tmp/sonar/'

Should be the location where the karmaSonar plugin will put it's temporary files.

#### options.excludedProperties
Type: `Array`
Default: []

Should be the indicator for performing a dry run.

#### options.dryRun
Type: `Boolean`
Default: false

#### options.runnerProperties
Type: `Object`

Should be the list of key(`sonar key`) value pairs.

```js
runnerProperties: {
    'sonar.links.homepage': 'https://github.com/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar',
    'sonar.branch': 'master'
}
```

Should be a list of sonar properties to exclude

#### options.instance.hostUrl
Type: `String`
Default: 'http://localhost:9000'

Should be the sonar.property host.url

#### options.instance.jdbcUrl
Type: `String`
Default: 'jdbc:h2:tcp://localhost:9092/sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.url

#### options.instance.jdbcUsername
Type: `String`
Default: 'sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.username

#### options.instance.jdbcPassword
Type: `String`
Default: 'sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.password

#### options.instance.login
Type: `String`
Default: 'admin'

Should be the sonar.property login

#### options.instance.password
Type: `String`
Default: 'admin'

Should be the sonar.property password

#### options.debug
Type: `Boolean`
Default: 'false'

If true sonar-runner debug logging will be turned on. 

#### project
Type: `Object`,
Mandatory: true

Should be the project information for sonar

#### project.key
Type: `String`
Mandatory: true`

Should be the project key for sonar 

#### project.name
Type: `String`
Mandatory: true`

Should be the project name for sonar
 
#### project.version
Type: `String`
 
Should be the project version for sonar 

#### paths
Type: `Array`
 
Should be the paths that contain the code, tests and results

#### paths[].cwd
Type: `String`
Default: '.'
 
Should be the current working directory that contain the source, tests and results folders are located

#### paths[].src
Type: `String`
 
Should be the directory containing the sources within the cwd.

#### paths[].test
Type: `String`
 
Should be the directory containing the tests within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports
Type: `Object`
 
Should be the object containing the reports.

#### paths[].reports.unit
Type: `String` or `Object` ie: {src: '...', framework: 'jasmine'} (Supported frameworks are: cucumber, jasmine/jasmine2(default))
 
Should be the location of the karma-junit-reporter report within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.coverage
Type: `String`
 
Should be the glob for the lcov.info files within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.itUnit
Type: `String` or `Object` ie: {src: '...', framework: 'jasmine'} (Supported frameworks are: cucumber, jasmine/jasmine2(default))

Should be the location of the protractor report within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.itCoverage
Type: `String`
 
Should be the glob for the integration test lcov.info files within the cwd.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  karmaSonar: {
    options: {
    
    },
    your_target: {
      project: {
        key: 'grunt-sonar',
        name: 'Grunt sonar plugin',
        version: '0.2.13'
      },
      paths: [
        {
          cwd: '...', // the current working directory'
          src: '...', // the source directory within the cwd
          test: '...', // the test directory within the cwd
          reports: {
              unit: '../path/result.xml', // the result file within the cwd
              coverage: '../path/**/lcov.info', // the glob for lcov files'
              itCoverage: '../path/**/lcov.info' // the glob for integration lcov files'
          }
        },
        {
          cwd: '...', // the current working directory'
          src: '...', // the source directory within the cwd
          test: '...', // the test directory within the cwd
          reports: {
              unit: '../path/result.xml', // the result file within the cwd
              coverage: '../path/**/lcov.info', // the glob for lcov files'
              itCoverage: '../path/**/lcov.info' // the glob for integration lcov files'
          }
      ],
      exclusions: []
    }
  }
})
```

#### Custom Options
In this example, custom options are used to do something else with whatever else. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result in this case would be `Testing: 1 2 3 !!!`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  karmaSonar: {
    options: {
      defaultOutputDir: '.tmp/sonar/custom_options/',
      instance: {
        hostUrl : 'http://localhost:20001',
        jdbcUrl : 'jdbc:h2:tcp://localhost:20003/sonar',
        login: 'admin',
        password: 'admin'
      }
    },
    your_target: {
      project: {
        key: 'grunt-sonar',
        name: 'Grunt sonar plugin',
        version: '0.2.13'
      },
      paths: [...],
      exclusions: []
    }
  }
})
```

Deciding Where To Get Sonar-runner from
-------------------------------

By default, this package will download sonar-runner from `https://repository.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=central-proxy&g=org.codehaus.sonar.runner&a=sonar-runner-dist&v=LATEST&p=zip`, 
but only when sonar-runner is not available on the path.

##### Downloading from a custom URL

If for some reason sonatype is down, or the Great Firewall is blocking sonatype, you may need to use
a download mirror url. To set a mirror, set npm config property `sonarrunner_cdnurl`.
Default is ``.

```shell
npm install grunt-karma-sonar --sonarrunner_cdnurl=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads
```

Or add property into your `.npmrc` file (https://www.npmjs.org/doc/files/npmrc.html)

```
sonarrunner_cdnurl=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads
```

Another option is to use PATH variable `SONARRUNNER_CDNURL`.
```shell
SONARRUNNER_CDNURL=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads npm install grunt-karma-sonar
```

Note: It will try to find `sonar-runner-dist.zip` in the cdn url.

##### Downloading from a custom Dir

If for some reason sonatype is down, or the Great Firewall is blocking sonatype, you may need to use
a download mirror directory. To set a mirror, set npm config property `sonarrunner_cdndir`.
Default is ``.

```shell
npm install grunt-karma-sonar --sonarrunner_cdndir=/some/path/downloads
```

Or add property into your `.npmrc` file (https://www.npmjs.org/doc/files/npmrc.html)

```
sonarrunner_cdndir=/some/path/downloads
```

Another option is to use PATH variable `SONARRUNNER_CDNDIR`.
```shell
SONARRUNNER_CDNDIR=/some/path/downloads npm install grunt-karma-sonar
```

Note: It can be the case that there are multiple versions available at the download mirror. 
If this is the case the latest version will be used.


## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_

Commit message:

Part pass through of plugin creation from the fork

README.md, after:

# grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter.svg)](https://github.com/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter) [![dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter.svg)](https://david-dm.org/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter) [![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter.svg)](https://david-dm.org/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter#info=devDependencies) [![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter)

> Grunt plugin for converting jsunit reports to the sonar generic test coverage format for usage with sonar.

Both karma and protractor can output jsunit reports, this plugin can convert these reports into the format expected by the sonar Generic Test Coverage plugin.

Details on the <a href="http://docs.sonarqube.org/display/PLUG/Generic+Test+Coverage">Sonar Generic Test Coverage</a> format and plugin.

This plugin has been created due to jsunit reporting no longer being supported by sonarsource see <a href="http://docs.sonarqube.org/display/PLUG/JavaScript+Unit+Tests+Execution+Reports+Import">JavaScriptUnit Tests Execution Reports Import</a>.

This has been forked from the <a href="https://github.com/mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar">mdasberg/grunt-karma-sonar</a> project. If your project is solely js based then you can investigate this.

This is intended for use in a multi language project with one pass through sonar and one of those languages being javascript.

The targeted sonar server version is 5.6 LTS onwards.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.5`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter');
```

## The "jsunitConvertor" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `jsunitConvertor` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  jsunitConvertor: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.dynamicAnalysis
Type: `String`
Default: 'reuseReports'

Should be the sonar.property dynamicAnalysis

#### options.sourceEncoding
Type: `String`
Default: 'UTF-8'

Should be the sonar.property sourceEncoding

#### options.language
Type: `String`
Default: 'js'

Should be the sonar.property language (Starting with SonarQube 4.2, multi-language projects are supported. To enable this, set the value to null)

#### options.scmDisabled
Type: `String`
Default: 'true'

Should be the sonar.property scmDisabled

#### options.defaultOutputDir
Type: `String`
Default: '.tmp/sonar/'

Should be the location where the jsunitConvertor plugin will put it's temporary files.

#### options.excludedProperties
Type: `Array`
Default: []

Should be the indicator for performing a dry run.

#### options.dryRun
Type: `Boolean`
Default: false

#### options.runnerProperties
Type: `Object`

Should be the list of key(`sonar key`) value pairs.

```js
runnerProperties: {
    'sonar.links.homepage': 'https://github.com/PloughingAByteField/grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter',
    'sonar.branch': 'master'
}
```

Should be a list of sonar properties to exclude

#### options.instance.hostUrl
Type: `String`
Default: 'http://localhost:9000'

Should be the sonar.property host.url

#### options.instance.jdbcUrl
Type: `String`
Default: 'jdbc:h2:tcp://localhost:9092/sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.url

#### options.instance.jdbcUsername
Type: `String`
Default: 'sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.username

#### options.instance.jdbcPassword
Type: `String`
Default: 'sonar'

Should be the sonar.property jdbc.password

#### options.instance.login
Type: `String`
Default: 'admin'

Should be the sonar.property login

#### options.instance.password
Type: `String`
Default: 'admin'

Should be the sonar.property password

#### options.debug
Type: `Boolean`
Default: 'false'

If true sonar-runner debug logging will be turned on. 

#### project
Type: `Object`,
Mandatory: true

Should be the project information for sonar

#### project.key
Type: `String`
Mandatory: true`

Should be the project key for sonar 

#### project.name
Type: `String`
Mandatory: true`

Should be the project name for sonar
 
#### project.version
Type: `String`
 
Should be the project version for sonar 

#### paths
Type: `Array`
 
Should be the paths that contain the code, tests and results

#### paths[].cwd
Type: `String`
Default: '.'
 
Should be the current working directory that contain the source, tests and results folders are located

#### paths[].src
Type: `String`
 
Should be the directory containing the sources within the cwd.

#### paths[].test
Type: `String`
 
Should be the directory containing the tests within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports
Type: `Object`
 
Should be the object containing the reports.

#### paths[].reports.unit
Type: `String` or `Object` ie: {src: '...', framework: 'jasmine'} (Supported frameworks are: cucumber, jasmine/jasmine2(default))
 
Should be the location of the karma-junit-reporter report within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.coverage
Type: `String`
 
Should be the glob for the lcov.info files within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.itUnit
Type: `String` or `Object` ie: {src: '...', framework: 'jasmine'} (Supported frameworks are: cucumber, jasmine/jasmine2(default))

Should be the location of the protractor report within the cwd.

#### paths[].reports.itCoverage
Type: `String`
 
Should be the glob for the integration test lcov.info files within the cwd.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  jsunitConvertor: {
    options: {
    
    },
    your_target: {

      paths: [
        {
          cwd: '...', // the current working directory'
          src: '...', // the source directory within the cwd
          test: '...', // the test directory within the cwd
          reports: {
              unit: '../path/result.xml', // the result file within the cwd
              coverage: '../path/**/lcov.info', // the glob for lcov files'
              itCoverage: '../path/**/lcov.info' // the glob for integration lcov files'
          }
        },
        {
          cwd: '...', // the current working directory'
          src: '...', // the source directory within the cwd
          test: '...', // the test directory within the cwd
          reports: {
              unit: '../path/result.xml', // the result file within the cwd
              coverage: '../path/**/lcov.info', // the glob for lcov files'
              itCoverage: '../path/**/lcov.info' // the glob for integration lcov files'
          }
      ],
      exclusions: []
    }
  }
})
```

#### Custom Options
In this example, custom options are used to do something else with whatever else. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result in this case would be `Testing: 1 2 3 !!!`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  jsunitConvertor: {
    options: {
      defaultOutputDir: '.tmp/sonar/custom_options/',
      instance: {
        hostUrl : 'http://localhost:20001',
        jdbcUrl : 'jdbc:h2:tcp://localhost:20003/sonar',
        login: 'admin',
        password: 'admin'
      }
    },
    your_target: {
      project: {
        key: 'grunt-sonar',
        name: 'Grunt sonar plugin',
        version: '0.2.13'
      },
      paths: [...],
      exclusions: []
    }
  }
})
```

Deciding Where To Get Sonar-runner from
-------------------------------

By default, this package will download sonar-runner from `https://repository.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=central-proxy&g=org.codehaus.sonar.runner&a=sonar-runner-dist&v=LATEST&p=zip`, 
but only when sonar-runner is not available on the path.

##### Downloading from a custom URL

If for some reason sonatype is down, or the Great Firewall is blocking sonatype, you may need to use
a download mirror url. To set a mirror, set npm config property `sonarrunner_cdnurl`.
Default is ``.

```shell
npm install grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter --sonarrunner_cdnurl=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads
```

Or add property into your `.npmrc` file (https://www.npmjs.org/doc/files/npmrc.html)

```
sonarrunner_cdnurl=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads
```

Another option is to use PATH variable `SONARRUNNER_CDNURL`.
```shell
SONARRUNNER_CDNURL=http://some-mirror.org/path/to/downloads npm install grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter
```

Note: It will try to find `sonar-runner-dist.zip` in the cdn url.

##### Downloading from a custom Dir

If for some reason sonatype is down, or the Great Firewall is blocking sonatype, you may need to use
a download mirror directory. To set a mirror, set npm config property `sonarrunner_cdndir`.
Default is ``.

```shell
npm install grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter --sonarrunner_cdndir=/some/path/downloads
```

Or add property into your `.npmrc` file (https://www.npmjs.org/doc/files/npmrc.html)

```
sonarrunner_cdndir=/some/path/downloads
```

Another option is to use PATH variable `SONARRUNNER_CDNDIR`.
```shell
SONARRUNNER_CDNDIR=/some/path/downloads npm install grunt-jsunit-sonar-generic-converter
```

Note: It can be the case that there are multiple versions available at the download mirror. 
If this is the case the latest version will be used.


## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_
